(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Payments, whatever thing goes out of our account. And I will preconcile this thing with the United States payment. What is the basic payment? It's a postage payment.

Payment, yes, based on what they would have said. Okay, this is the... We have since... When they raise an invoice... Okay, they raise an invoice. Whatever thing they raise... These are invoices that are raised from the U.S. When they raise these invoices, and the customers make payments, I pay the payments.

I check on the statement, and pledge on there. We have all the customers' accounts that we maintain for them. So, this is the receipts part of it.

When we make transactions, payments, whenever they are... If I understand you, so once the client comes in, and they raise an invoice... Yes, they raise an invoice on what they want. So once that payment has been made... It's been made, I raise the... I pledge the payment. Okay, so you make sure that the payment has been registered.

Yes, yes. So you just obey the records of what... Yes. Okay, so what problems do you have now that you think you want to make better for you? I don't really have any challenges with receipts.

Okay. I don't think there's anything. Maybe I would... I would probably check on the... But for now, nothing.

Okay. When I show you the app we're working on, maybe that will help you come up with ideas to make your work easier and more secure. Okay.

Yeah? We make it safe, too. So the idea is, we want to move all the features you have on Sage to that new platform. So everything you're doing on Sage now, we want to do it on that new platform, but easier, more fine-tuned, and more direct.

So if there's any problems you're having right now that you think AI or the new app might make better for you, that's what we're working on, really. So in a very short while, you're starting to use it, too? Before, yeah. That's the plan.

Yeah? So I'll show you the app, and then you tell me what you think. All right. So thank you again very much.

Thank you.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)