(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Invoice numbers, so the last invoice from the data we need to continue. There has to be a continuation in the invoice numbers.
(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

And so because there are a lot of products, there are a lot of invoices for customers. So if you do... How would I know you do higher end maid? Are you talking to me like that? No, I'm talking to myself. So you're expecting me to hire this pregnancy, I'm using this house for you? Well guys, either you hire a maid or you do it yourself.

I don't have that time, I don't just love you. I'd rather pack your dinner. So if you do... You see the gold... I don't believe you.

I'm busy eating a cake. I'm a product of a fashion. What time is it? What time is it? Is it there? What time is it? How are we going to know? How are we going to know? Where are we going to know? The one that's stuck remains there.

You know where we are right? Yeah, it should have stuck. The one that has stuck, everything is going to slow down. Any other one you want to check? Any other products? No, that's just serverless.

Some of the products are not coming up for invoice generation. So we need to ensure that we identify... So it's just the way it is. Serverless.

It's just your two fingers to scroll. There is no mouse in here. So something is... I think we were talking to each other.

Okay, we were talking to each other. So I will find them. We can't get it exported.

It's stuck. We can't export it. No, no.

Presently. Forget it. It's there.

But it's not pulling it. So when you want to create a new invoice, we're not seeing it. But if you check our stock, you should see it.

It's not pulling it inside the invoice Oh yeah, now it's not a problem Now it's not a problem Then another thing, come Another thing, if I want to maintain for Do you create space for manufacturing date, expiry date, batch number That will come out from within first So you want to say invoice, that's what you want to say No, look at it, let me show you So that you know how much you will pay What is it? Permission to call out So it has to be on the description After coupling out the stock description Batch number, manufacturing date, expiry date, unit price It has to come like this Note that one as well That second So, look at this as well Yeah, I have all that But for me, in Google In Google, batching, yeah The reason it's called A, B, you know what I mean The reason, you know It's demarcated by batch A, batch B Shit Yeah, I think we've told you about the batch Yes, you have mentioned it Yeah, we have the different batches But what do you mean by, Peter? I'm the one who wants to order You give me more to give I'm not asking you to help me I'm going to leave I'm not going to suffer You'll suffer if you come over You'll just die I'm leaving I'm leaving So, this is the invoice This is the invoice But I will also update it so it can look exactly like this. It should be able to customise their own universe. It is updated but I will just make it seem more, to all the information that is actually here.

So you have the batch number but it has not shown up yet. And the fact showing the unit price. But this is just one, so you have your prepared by, authorised by, delivered by, customer, customer sign.

So that's, so I will update the invoice. Okay, then from here, let us go back to that invoice. To the invoice? Yeah, invoice.

I will go back to that invoice. So this is invoice, have you? Yeah. So now, this is one customer, Royan.

Yes. He wants to check Royan's ledger. So you need to click this.

Okay, Royan. Because normally on the invoice on Siege, you will look at this. For example, that Royan that you called up earlier.

Yeah. This is Royan. This is Royan.

So on the first part of this invoice, you want to know, you want to raise the invoice for Royan. But let us see what Royan is doing. Whether we can proceed to raise the invoice or not.

So like their journal and ledger. Their ledger, see. You just go straight on this and pay your own fee.

You just go straight. This is Royan. So this is show up there.

Are you getting me? So from here now, you will be able to locate to date. What's today's date? 6th. 6th, are we? Ah, they are owing us 2.1. We can't sell to them because the money they are owing us is too much.

Share on that side. So I think that we have something like that. It's just that, okay, let me see.

So usually, you can now just ask this thing. How much? Can I pay? Customer ledger. Customer's ledger.

Ledger. Ah, it's a laptop, you know. Okay, let me get your backpack at the same time.

Okay. What's so funny? I recognise that it's you, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure.

You're not sure? Yes. Ah. Oh no.

I think I'm going to be late. I'm going to be late for work. Also, receivables.

So we need to add in the search bar so you can see where. Hmm? This is the customer's diverse invoices. The ledger will show both invoices and payment.

We now know the balance from there. Okay, thank you. Customer statements, okay.

So customer statements. Ah, so, so, so important. Even some customers, when you ask them or you accuse them, how you are doing, please send our ledger.

So is this six? Hmm? General. The customer statements. So it'd be dates, invoices, debits and balance.

So this is from January to today. Check it out. Is this the same thing? Tell her to use two fingers.

Ledger. Okay, ah. For example, ledger from 2023.

Okay. Yeah, let's say from 2023. Let's see.

January. January. First, first of January.

Okay. Is this January? We got it. Looks like this.

The customer statements should show all the client's information from January 2023 to date. Right now, it's only showing the most recent one. So there's something wrong with the toggle button.

Look at it. Yeah. So, yeah.

Do you understand? I understand. I understand. Perlu details and the details of the invoice.

Yeah, it will show. There is no credit. Nothing at credit.

The one you brought out. For 2026. Nothing, no payment at all.

For 2026. Okay, for this one. For this one.

No payment at all. All right. So, and there's a discrepancy with the information.

There's debit, but there's no credit. So let's also check our data for that. And expose all the accurate information.

That's it, that's it. Then the... The rain toggle button. The what? Rain, return inward.

Return inward. That we discussed. It's part of what I discussed with you last time.

Is this the loan one? Not loan. There are the return, for example, Rihanna purchase. No.

Rihanna purchase, bring it down. Which one? Back to... That, yeah, Rihanna comes in. Okay, okay.

That Rihanna comes in. Customer statements. All right, I want to show you something.

Okay. You know they purchase these items. Yeah.

Please help me to double click on it. Is it possible that it will take us back to, so that we know the item that constitutes. Okay, so you want to link the customer statements to the invoices.

But I haven't done that yet. But naturally, it's because... It's a new package, sir, but we'll get into it. We'll get into it.

You'll get into it and you'll get used to the new package. But it's straightforward in theory. So, let me explain to you again.

So, let me explain to you again. So, you want to see the invoicing? No, you know what? Customer just called you. Okay.

Theory wrote her. Please, I mean, we didn't want five, but they brought five. It's only theory that we wanted.

So, you understand. Did she recall? Yeah, recall, return. Okay, yeah, there's recall.

Recall what now? Yeah, there's recall. So, what does she recall on you? Return. Return.

Return. It's a different name in here. Okay.

It's open recall. Okay. So, if she recall... Then, the reason for the recall, then you open the recall.

How is this going to relate with that particular customer? Okay, so we need to relate the recalls to the particular customer. Of course. It's one customer that we return.

The customer. Because we have to treat it on that customer's account. Not... Okay.

From there, it will go to stock. It will affect the customer's account. It will reduce the balance of that invoice on customer's ledger.

Okay, okay. Okay. So, that's recall.

Hmm. Okay, any other things? A lot of return outwards. Return inwards is the one we just talked.

Recall. A lot of return out from suppliers. From suppliers, we collected the items from the first time we bought it.

And we need to return out of it today. So, that is return outwards. Are you getting it? I'm sure it's there.

Let me see. Okay. Return outwards.

Okay.
(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

It happened last week. Are you getting it? The road is stuck. We discovered the back of about 3 or whatever.

It's not good. So you understand. But you need to connect the... It has to be connected to that supplier's account.

So it has to pop out to the supplier's account. And it will affect the infantry, it will affect the supplier's account. And everything will be done.

This is in return. We have the return outward here. This is return to supplier.

So you add the supplier. I'll see it together. No, I don't have money I know you have, but don't show me I was lying, I have nothing You have a lot of money But you don't have a husband You have a wife You have a wife No, I don't have a husband I have a monthly salary A salary? But it's all So anything else that I can do? I have a lot of work I can't work It's an update that you can use on your laptop You can put it on your laptop and test it You can test it on your phone You can use it on your laptop You can use it on your laptop

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Look at it. This is how we state all the day-to-day activities. Analyze them.

Because when our people, our brothers, NRS, when they come, that is what they look at. Yes. So, I know.

This is how the knowledge I used to be. Let me just put this 26 here. See.

This is Petit Cash. The first Petit Cash you saw. You know your own, just show the... June.

No, just show the balance. Okay. Okay.

Without showing. This is what they call it. See.

It shows all the details. All the day-to-day. Everything that you might have done.

From A to Z. Second by second. Minute by minute. So, everything.

This is February. February. Everything February.

For Petit Cash, you don't know. This is March. This is April.

So, you can see now. This is what they post here on 27th of April, 2026. You understand? Okay.

With the financial lineage to show what the invoice... Not to... Can you click on it again? Okay, okay. Like click on the particular line. Yeah, I know.

You can click on it. Okay, so it shows you the... Transport to Igbo. The details of that particular line.

You can see it on the screen. Yeah. In case you want me... I can see it.

I can see it specially. Okay. It shows you all the details.

The costings, reports and everything. And I can see it. Oh, my God.

I can see it. Can you see it? I don't see any problem. I can see it clearly.

I can see it clearly. I can see it. And I can see it.

And I can see it. Do you see it? Yes, I see it. All this, you can tell me, but you can't get me.

You want to expose all the different items, the dates, the reference, journal, transaction, description, amount, credit and balance, everything. Everything. So, this is January, all the cash analysis, how the cash came in, how they went out.

Basic information on NB and LR. General ledger. Don't worry, it's not a problem sir, we'll get it done now.

So, that's general ledger. General ledger tri-balance. It's the same thing, you just need to expose.

General ledger tri-balance, that one will show the details, we will not show the details like this, sorry. We show the summaries, look at it. So, tri-balance will show the summary.

Tribalance will show all the items of income, expenses, assets and liability Are you getting it? So let me show you This is general ledger tribalance See this one This is the summary Look at it So this one, when you want to check So this is what we call tribalance This is a summary of them Are you getting it? I understand So you just need to make sure that it's similar to what you have currently on stage Yes To the dots Look at all the expenses This is the gift and this one So it's part of what the Federal Revenue Service will request when they are asking for the reports Gift and tribalance General ledger tribalance General ledger We show the detail Are you getting it? Okay Okay So on inventory So you have already done everything on inventory This is inventory Okay You have your overview Okay You can see the basic overview There's recall, deviation, audit and maintenance Incoming batch What's in the new batch What's in the batch number Quantity supplier I'll do that the supplier is automated It's prefilled here as well Okay For the recording and incoming batch Okay And then you have your current stock So you can see the stock is almost expired And you can see all your other stocks are available If you click on it you see all the information The top customers for it And then you can see Currently there's only stock There's no sellable stock You can see the ones that have gone You can see all the quantity that you have And expiring dates This is the expired batch And there's quality control So there's a register Register incoming batch as well So QC will be doing all the shows And then there's expired And then for the temperature Set it up so you can connect to the application That monitors your This thing But I think the main thing from DreamStime is that So let's look at operations And then there's suppliers So you can look at all your suppliers Bought from last month Look at all the information Then What is there Let me see how the P&L will be Freedom, profit and loss account Freedom, profit and loss Maybe that is what you put as income statement Let me see what is Let me see what is under the income statement Well I think I know what happened I've stored all the data as history But we should be able to retrieve all that data And expose it as notes So this is where the profit and loss takes notes Oh 
Yeah, I'm confirming. Oh, it's supposed not to be here now. It's not supposed to be here? Other income after operating profit.

Other income is supposed to be after revenue. Under revenue. Ah, okay.

So, for the profit and loss, other income should be under revenue. Not after operating profit. I'll look at it again.

Is there any other thing, sir? Yeah, so these are all the tabs we have for finance. Oh, balance sheet. This is balance sheet, yeah.

You have your current assets. And the current liabilities. You want to make this... Ah, wait.

Ah, they can do any work here. Go back to... Okay. Okay.

They come in as possible. Ah, current assets. They come in.

Asset. Liability. It's... Okay.

Okay. Any other thing? There's cash flow. Well, make sure that anytime you change the range, you should retrieve the data for us.

So... But every other thing, sir, I mean, like I said, if you want to update the latest database, you can do it with your laptop. I'm sure you know how to create credentials now. Is that all, sir? Yeah, for now.

For now, yeah. So, just come and update it. All right.

Same thing with the general religion and report types. When we try to go back with the details, it doesn't expose the previous information. I think we have stored, we have put all of them to history.

We need to be able to retrieve that as well. Okay.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)